fix(themes) bootswatch version (#1084)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/themes.md

> A second way to create a custom theme is starting from an new custom theme in Studio and using a bootswatch default Sass theme. In order to do this using the version 3.3.4 of bootswatch:

Reviewer: 3.3.4 should be changed to 3.3.7 as well

> A second way to create a custom theme is starting from an new custom theme in Studio and using a bootswatch default Sass theme. In order to do this using the version 3.3.4 of bootswatch:

Author: ```suggestion
A second way to create a custom theme is starting from a new custom theme in Studio and using a Bootswatch default Sass theme. In order to do this using the version 3.3.7 of Bootswatch:
```
